Give it to me, oops.
You really fight
Must stand apart
i
Last question.
Let me ask one more strange thing.
Say who sent you
Liu Yaoyang
Right
It's okay to let your tongue play
It can also make you confused.
Oh, confused, big brother, confused?
Then Liu Yaoyang is about to go bankrupt
How can he give you money?
Who said that? We have a deposit
How much is the deposit worth?
You look like this
You call him now to ask for the balance.
See if he gives it to you.
Hey, don't worry.
I'm right here.
Can't you cut me again? My car is broken, bro
I understand what he said.
If you lie to us, don't be afraid
Yes, the money to go home and marry a daughter-in-law will be gone again
Wait, I'll make a call.
Hello, Li Weiwei?
All of them have been killed by me.
Great, Uncle Zhou
You're finally fucking dead
Call me the money
Pay for the violation, what the hell is the violation?
Hello
Damn you
You dare to lie to me, your brother, we are really deceived.